I'm here.
You are so kind to me.
It should be when I make money.
I'll give you another big diamond ring
And a grand play
Not enough for us to have a good meal
that
Wish us a happy wedding.
What's your trouble?
Is it a wine problem?
Let's call together, come on
Please let him rest more.
When I was a child, I was so impatient that I didn't have a chance
Why in the world?
Sir, I just found out
engagement party
I think what's advanced is the form of a person
Who is?
It's a Land Rover.
I want to say, doesn't he want me to get engaged to Gu Qianyun?
Could it be that the daughter of the Gu family is more worthy of things?
If you can talk, sew your mouth up and prepare
Tomorrow, I will personally go to Gu's house to cancel the engagement. Yes